README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs(readme): rewrite README to reflect project purpose, key features, and remove Next.js specific instructions

README.md, after:

# LIT Cal

LIT Cal is a modern, Calendly‑style scheduling experience that helps you share availability, accept bookings, and protect your time without the back‑and‑forth. It’s fast, minimal, and designed for a clean invitee experience.

## What LIT Cal is about

- A simple link. A beautiful booking flow. No chaos.
- A design that respects your time and your invitees.
- A focused product that gets out of the way.

## Key features

- Smart availability: Build weekly schedules and add buffers so you’re never rushed between meetings.
- No double‑booking: Overlapping times are blocked automatically, so you stay in control of your calendar.
- Timezone aware: Invitees see times in their local timezone while your data stays consistent behind the scenes.
- Shareable event types: Create different experiences (length, questions, buffers) and share them with a single link.
- Delightful booking flow: A fast, accessible, dark‑mode first UI that looks great and feels calm.
- Invitee questions: Collect the info you need up‑front so meetings start with context.
- Friendly reminders (future): Keep everyone on the same page before time slots arrive.
- Works with teams (future): Option to distribute or co‑host meetings as you grow.

---

Built with care by Shanto (KR Shanto). For updates and ideas, visit `https://www.krshanto.com`.
